God
this projection device that majestic
found shows two more artifacts down on
requiem just like the one in our hangar
now they are the Requiem ends of a
slipspace conduit which is physically
connecting infinity to Requiem if we can
deactivate them infinity should be free
to move matter Palmer we're sending down
the necessary deactivation codes
majestic and I will take care of the
first artifact Roland who send fireteam
crimson the second set of coordinates
commander
battle stations captain they're not
attacking they're entering flip space
this can't be good it's not us it's
moving it's Requiem the artifact
conduits they're pulling infinity with
it
straight into the Sun if you have to
find those artifacts before infinity can
beat and let's get moving Spartans